what against the second trailer to gta 5
is outside and we look together
held annually
Franconia
on the 11th
Peter Moore Parker Posey
The woman looking to outlook exchange
bams
red
nice nice afford it usually means so me
I must honestly say I have
not much information about the game yet
read
I have not had the time and I have not yet
make this video quite spontaneously
That's why I still do not know that
much of the play also from the
saw trailer that we will
repeat it and then they will
to address in the next show
my first impression of the trailer looks
unbelievably cool by heart first ne
hammer graphic the trailer also great
cool music selection is so funky and funky
I die music I find that cool
just things immediately wacky
fields pass the fans a bit
pity its gp11 4
rockstar a bit this
realistic rail is driven and
dj was always a question of age
were actually so full up game
displays is when you look over it
I think I think that they are the f5
just as closed off as it is
but Andreas, I can imagine
that it will be better than td4 and it
is cool so i was sometimes
turned off is the overdrawn
if I'm cool and I exaggerated
still good that the edf five
probably back in this direction
what else can you say?
the game world must be like that
be awesome I know that
i think is bigger than cds san
andreas and the day4 together like that
Hard to be so tough
we stop in san andreas in los
santos so a copy of go
angeles and the surrounding area but not anymore
let's do that so the las vegas
knock off and san francisco coppi
these cities are no longer the two
only los Santos and the surrounding area
huge playing surface so well say so me
think that will be a very cool
Playground if I can imagine
that she will be really alive
which makes me happy that so many again
Many hobbies have to take so much
we have seen that since he the
the type of mother post drives me
See that you can golf that one
you can play tennis
Parachuting can be cool too
finally she gives the planes one too
super thing this chats and his
I 'm looking forward to that
trailer looks good when again a
bit closer to that at the
next job
otherwise it was the